>>LAURIE MCDONALD:
As a child, I really
did see higher vibrational,
violet-colored entity that
called me by my
name, that guided me.
Somebody recommended
hypnotherapy--
and was profoundly,
fundamentally changed.
I focused my mind.
I controlled my body and
looked into the eye, face
to face with two small grays.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Are they
talking to you in that state?
>>MCDONALD: They are.
Sometimes talking,
sometimes screaming, crying.
>>NOORY: Screaming?
Really?
>>MCDONALD: Our
scientists now tell us
that anyone with blue eyes
has a genetic mutation.
I say more of a
genetic manipulation.
I believe there are two things
to master on the planet earth.
One is love, the other is--
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Laurie McDonald is a
clinical hypnotherapist
who has lived a life filled
with contact experiences.
She's the president of the
not-for-profit organization
called OPUS, and her passion
is teaching life skills
for self-actualization.
Laurie, welcome to the program.
>>LAURIE MCDONALD:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in hypnotherapy?
How did that happen to you?
>>MCDONALD: I had
been considering
being a psychologist.
It had been pointed out to me
that I could be a psychiatrist.
I had some issues
from my own childhood,
and somebody recommended
hypnotherapy.
I went and did a session and
was profoundly, fundamentally
changed.
And I realized in
that moment that you
can talk for 10 years about
something that's bothering you
and it might be all logical
and makes sense to you,
but the emotion of the impact
of the situation is illogical.
And to work from the
foundation in the subconscious
creates a rapid, whole healing.
>>NOORY: In the session you
did, were you the hypnotherapist
or were you the patient?
>>MCDONALD: I was the subject--
patient.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MCDONALD: And healed
and marveled at it
and knew right then and there
that the whole picture was
working with the
depths of the mind,
not just the trauma part
that was articulating
their situation.
>>NOORY: Is
hypnotherapy different
from general hypnosis?
>>MCDONALD: Hypnotherapy
is-- because we're
looking to age to propagate
health and wholeness,
we want to look for
inner child healing.
Now, for other hypnosis, say,
we're doing a clinical session
and somebody wants to lose
weight or to stop smoking,
then we're healing them
on a different level.
We're doing more
behavioral modification
in that type of hypnosis.
>>NOORY: Now, do you
have any special traits
or gifts in addition to the
practice of hypnotherapy?
>>MCDONALD: Such as?
>>NOORY: Well, I mean,
are you perceptive?
Are you intuitive?
>>MCDONALD: After so many
years, about 25 years,
I always say like a little
prayer or affirmation prior
to a session to ensure
that I'm giving everything,
that I'm totally in tune and
holding their energy so that I
can speak the most effectively
and articulate the words that
are going to allow
this person to drop
into the alpha brainwave
and become receptive
and open for an
exploration of their mind
or their experiences.
So I'm intuitive.
>>NOORY: You have wired
up patients before
and have monitored their
brainwaves, haven't you?
>>MCDONALD: That's right.
When you're hooked
up to an EEG, we're
able to watch as the subject is
moved from the beta brainwave,
the one we're
communicating in now,
dropped down into the alpha.
We bring them all the
way down to the delta.
We don't want to go too
deep because then they're
almost asleep, and it's
hard for me to hear them.
>>NOORY: Now,
that's a good point.
But are they talking
to you in that state?
>>MCDONALD: They are-- sometimes
talking, sometimes screaming,
crying.
>>NOORY: Screaming?
Really?
>>MCDONALD: It's very
important that we
create some form of a
barrier so that if they're
reliving a traumatic experience,
such as alien abduction,
that they can adjust
their perception of it
to view the memory as opposed
to relive it because it's
extremely traumatic.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in the alien abduction
end of this?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I'm
a lifelong experiencer.
>>NOORY: Personally, OK.
>>MCDONALD: But
here's the thing.
I didn't consider
myself any different.
I figured that everyone was
having some form of experience.
>>NOORY: Everyone
was having contact.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
And my contact
wasn't necessarily
with what was overtly
or obviously what would
be deemed an extraterrestrial.
As a child, I really did
see higher vibrational,
sort of violet-colored entity
that called me by my name, that
was loving, and that guided me.
And it was when I was
about six that I woke--
>>NOORY: Not your imagination?
>>MCDONALD: [CHUCKLES] No.
I woke up and looked
out my bedroom window,
and I saw two gray
aliens with my brother.
And I went to knock on the
window to get their attention,
and that same violet one told
me to take one step back.
And when I did, they told me
to lay down and to go to sleep,
and I did.
And funny, when
I was about 32, I
was having a
traumatic experience.
I was trapped in some
sleep paralysis stage,
and I was feeling pain.
But to the right of me, I
heard my name being called,
and it was the same
sort of violet entity.
And when I finally
had the ability
to consciously move my attention
to them, they said two words.
They said, "focus and control."
And I did both.
I focused my mind.
I controlled my body.
And I sat up and looked
into the eye, face to face,
eye to eye contact
with two small grays.
And I was calm,
feeling psychologically
prepared for the
situation, thinking
that I might be greatly
informed in this moment.
But I noticed that they tilted
their head to each other,
just ever so slightly, as if
they didn't know what to do.
And it seemed like
just instantaneously,
a taller gray appeared.
And I was still quite
calm, quite cool.
But it seemed its
energy was perturbed,
and it advanced towards me.
And its head and felt or
appeared somewhat claw-like,
and it had about
a 12-inch needle,
looked like a chopstick.
>>NOORY: Oh, geez.
>>MCDONALD: And that's
when I became afraid.
And I leaned back
and pulled my knee in
to do like a kind of
a reverse roundhouse
kick into the side of the
head, and I whited out
and lost consciousness.
But in the morning, I was
still suffering from the pain.
>>NOORY: So they injected you?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I tore my
abdominal muscles fighting
and had to have
surgery, herniated them,
had to have a mesh
implant put in.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>MCDONALD: So I don't think
that they're very friendly.
>>NOORY: You're
lucky they didn't
do something horrible to you.
>>MCDONALD: I think they did
enough things horrible to me
at that point.
During that time, a lot that
was happening in the phenomena
itself was the
hybridization program,
and I intuitively feel
that that was their intent.
I think that what they were
there to do was extract ovum.
>>NOORY: Even at that age?
>>MCDONALD: 32.
>>NOORY: 32.
Yeah, that's true.
>>MCDONALD: Please, George.
>>NOORY: What?
What?
They were coming at you
since you were what, six?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I've seen the
gray ones less than other ones
that were higher vibrational.
Any time, now at my age, I
can sense which ones, what
their intentions are.
They're all agenda-oriented.
There's about six
abductor races,
and several other
ones that come.
They're agenda-oriented.
Once we understand
the agenda, get
to know the players
in the game--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MCDONALD: You begin
to learn the rules,
and you can deflect
specific energies
or decide not to engage.
I simply don't
engage with anything
that doesn't show respect
or, basically, love.
If they're not open
and loving, then I
have no desire to communicate
because they're self-serving.
>>NOORY: Other
than your brother,
did your family have
any kind of experience--
your mother or your father?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
In 1939, my
grandmother on the farm
said she came out of the
house with a basket of laundry
hooked on her hip.
She went around to hang it
and saw over the corn fields--
it was after harvest
time then; corn was low--
and there was a UFO hovering.
And she stared at
it, and she said
she was mindful to
hold on to the laundry
because she didn't want
to have to wash it again
in an old wringer washer.
And so she held tight to it.
I'm like, you were
worried about the laundry?
And she said she watched it
wobble, seemingly wobble,
and then shoot out of sight.
And she held that memory until
I questioned her about it
in my 30s.
>>NOORY: Laurie, you had
an interesting relationship
with your mother.
Tell us what happened.
>>MCDONALD: So as I found
out when I turned 50,
I just did a small TV show
on the abduction phenomena
and got a phone
call after it aired.
And she's like, Laurie,
this is your mother.
I don't have a mother.
And she's like,
this is your mother.
>>NOORY: Did she abandon you?
>>MCDONALD: She did.
And she said it
was very important.
After her watching
the show, she sees
that I run this
California's largest support
group for experiencers--
president of a
non-profit organization
that deals with that subject.
She said that during the
time that she was pregnant,
she had been visited
multiple times, almost
like once a month.
They would take
her aboard a craft,
examined her, all
the time telling her
that not to be afraid, that
their interest was only
in her baby.
>>NOORY: And you had no idea
this was going on at that time?
>>MCDONALD: Never knew this
until I was 50, after years
of being in the field.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MCDONALD: So she had said
that the morning I was born,
she had gone out early
to sit in a lawn chair--
it was September--
and two small entities
appeared on either side of her.
When I asked her
to describe them,
she describes something to
me that sounded like a Zeta,
not like a gray, although
the height was similar.
She said she moved forward
through the apple orchard
into the clearing--
clearings where they turned the
tractor during harvest time.
And above that was a UFO,
and she was instantaneously
upon it.
Her first thought was it was
much bigger on the inside
than on the outside of
this particular craft.
And her feet were cold because
the floor felt metal-like.
And they had laid her on
a table that she described
looked like an
ironing board that
shows you the era she's from.
>>NOORY: Classic.
>>MCDONALD: And again, I
told her multiple times
when she would get scared that
it was only about the baby.
She said she heard
a loud popping sound
towards the end of it in her
head, near her nasal passage.
And then she later woke up
on the lawn near the house,
bleeding both vaginally
and from the nose.
She was calling out for
help, and there was nobody
there because the whole
household was somehow sedated.
>>NOORY: And you never
knew this as a kid?
>>MCDONALD: Never.
No, no because--
[CHUCKLES] the neighbors
took her to the hospital,
and I was born that
morning at 9 o'clock.
My parents have black
hair and brown eyes.
My mom's about 5'1".
My dad, not much taller.
I am not.
>>NOORY: Where did
you get your height?
>>MCDONALD: I have no idea.
I don't look like them.
And she had a very hard
time bonding with me.
It reminded her
of her abductions.
She had gone to the
doctor and told them
about what was happening.
They said it was hormonal.
He sent her to a therapist,
and the therapist eventually
told her, you know, just shut
it down because you sound crazy
and you risk losing
your other children.
So she shut up, and
she kept a journal.
And later--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>MCDONALD: When
I was 50, she said
that she would give me
the journals so that I
could see what had
happened to her
and why she couldn't keep me.
It was very difficult. She
couldn't breastfeed me.
I wouldn't eat.
I wouldn't eat any milk.
>>NOORY: So she gave
you up as a baby?
>>MCDONALD: She gave me
away to different relatives
and bounced me around and
then eventually put me up
for adoption.
But I was never adopted.
>>NOORY: Did you know of her
as your mother at any point?
>>MCDONALD: No.
She never mothered me ever.
I wouldn't even recognize
her on the street
if I saw her until
she talked to me.
And she said if there is a
support group like you run back
then, maybe things would
have been different,
and I wouldn't have
felt so scared.
>>NOORY: Is she still alive now?
>>MCDONALD: She is.
So a few years back, about
five years now maybe,
I was going to do another
TV show with Jim O'Connell,
a show called "Experiencers."
And I asked him, well, how
about we bring my mom on and let
her experience that
very specific freedom
of speaking the
truth without fear
and let her tell her story.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MCDONALD: And he thought
that that was a great idea.
But then he talked to her
all summer-- honestly,
he knew her better than me--
and what happened was I
got a call from Canada
saying that my mother had just
suffered a brain aneurysm--
>>NOORY: Oh, my God.
>>MCDONALD:
-followed by a stroke
and to get back to Canada
as soon as possible.
And I did, and she survived
but was unable to speak.
She couldn't speak any longer.
>>NOORY: Oh, geez.
>>MCDONALD: Her neural
pathways have been distorted,
and the words in her mind
were not the words coming out
of her mouth.
And that was a weird
timing, very unusual.
And then not a week
later, Jim O'Connell--
the headline in the
online newspaper
said, UFO experiencer and TV
host Jim O'Connell suddenly
passed away in his sleep.
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
>>MCDONALD: And he was
gone, and that was that--
just like that.
>>NOORY: All these
people around you
that had some kind of influence,
directly or indirectly,
were gone.
>>MCDONALD: Yes.
My mom survived, though.
And luckily, a couple of
years later, she still
struggles with speech,
but I brought her
to a conference I was doing
in Detroit and let her.
>>NOORY: That's my hometown.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
Well, I grew up in Windsor.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
>>MCDONALD: She's there now.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Windsor is a great spot.
I used to go there a lot.
Do you continue to
have these experiences?
>>MCDONALD: I do, actually,
but they're different now.
Now I feel that my
consciousness has expanded
and I no longer look at
the phenomena the same way.
I think that any interaction
with a UFO or an alien
isn't so much about
them, that it's more
about the human experience.
It sort of knocked on the
door of my consciousness
and allowed me to see that I
was more than what I thought
and that it opened the door
to multi-dimensionality,
that the soul itself
is multidimensional.
And I came to some conclusions
that some of the hybridization
programs, and particularly
with the gray human,
were to hijack our ascension,
to hijack our ability
to move through space
and time without a body.
And because I've had so many
out-of-body experiences--
I've been a meditator
for over 40 years.
I've had out-of-body
experiences.
I spent five years
at a Buddhist temple,
learned more about
extraterrestrials
and other worlds in the
thousand cases that I've worked.
But I went there
initially because I
was continuously having
an out-of-body experience.
Every time I'd relax, I'd
pop right out of my body,
and I could see me.
And so what did that tell me?
It told me that I was still
Laurie without the vessel.
>>NOORY: I had a chance to
interview author Ron Felber
of the Mojave abduction--
that's his book--
and he talked about
that incredible case.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- So they're
experimenting with them.
Did they ever physically
take them somewhere?
- Well, these experiments
went on for hours.
- Emotional.
Emotional is what
I would call them.
- And as I mentioned,
they thought
they were going to
have a heart attack.
And so when they would
get so worked up,
praying and literally
pinching one another--
and this is the
kind of detail that
makes it so incredible to
me, pinching one another--
what do you see?
What do you see?
Describe this to me.
I mean, this is exactly
what people would do.
And so when they felt they were
on the verge of either going
mad or dying physically,
a mist would come in,
and it would calm
them, like anesthesia.
- Like a spray, yeah?
- Yeah, like a mist would
just cloud into the camper,
and it would calm them.
And it was almost like
scientists keeping,
I don't know, animals
alive for experimentation.
We don't want them
to die because we
need to do more experiments.
- Wow.
- And so they were
kept purposefully
from having heart
attacks or from going.
- Keeping them calm.
- Exactly, which I
found quite incredible.
But they do wind
up on the craft.
They wake up with no memory
of being on the craft,
and it was recovered
retrogressively.
- Do they know if it
took them anywhere
or if they just were
carried along the craft?
- I'm telling you, it's
another interesting aspect
of the story.
I mentioned this sort of
triangular mining searcher
they called it that the--
- The crown was separate
from the bigger craft, right?
- Correct.
But he came out of
the bigger craft.
- OK.
- And they felt the
ground rumbling.
They felt the ground
vibrating beneath them.
And they felt the camper
ultimately being lifted up.
The entire-- like the
ground didn't change.
- Sucked it right in?
- Yes, everything-- the
horizon, everything.
- That happens.
- They felt a very cool--
everything got cold, and
the rest is blank to them
and, again, was recovered
through retrogressive hypnosis
by Dr. William Anixter in
Asheville, North Carolina.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: That was quite
an abduction case.
But as you have said, there are
different kinds of abductions.
>>MCDONALD: Right.
So physical abduction,
you're going
to find that is maybe
mantis, reptilian.
Sometimes they're more into
psychological abduction.
And then there's the
consciousness extraction
from the body where
they just move that,
and that's a different form.
There's about five
different types of abduction
that have been reported to me
over the last 25 or 30 years.
>>NOORY: Some friendly,
some not, right?
>>MCDONALD: You know,
most of the abduction,
by nature, is not friendly.
It's self-serving.
They're not doing it for us.
They're doing it for them.
They don't call us by our name.
They don't show
a lot of respect.
They keep us calm
for them, not for us.
And knowing who
to interact with,
it's a big universe we live in.
There are multiple M
class, star planets,
the red dwarf star systems
that we look at now.
There are four or five
stars around every star
that we can see that have
a longer, slower wave.
Those planets could possibly
be habitable by some
of these extraterrestrials.
Some also are inter-dimensional.
But above all that,
there is another form
of being that is a beautiful,
unconditional, loving entity
where I learned
many of the things
that I teach in some of
the retreats that I do.
A lot of it is on being human--
what the definition of
the word "human" is.
Everybody thinks it means
"people" or "person."
And, in fact, it does not.
"Hue" is the word we
use to measure the depth
or saturation of light.
"Man" comes from the
word "manifestation"--
to come into the physical
or to be embodied.
A "hue-man" is a light and body.
Being race and gender are
subcategories of that.
And once we know
what we are, we're
far better at answering some of
the larger, more philosophical
questions that the
humans have been
pondering for a millennium.
When you know what you are,
you have an understanding
between fate and destiny--
fate or the circumstances of
your life, but not your life.
We have an opportunity to grow.
The whole phenomena teaches us
about consciousness expansion.
What we really are and
why we're having this
has nothing to do with the ETs.
They're simply using us.
>>NOORY: Would you say that most
of your hypnotherapy practice
is based around
abduction cases or not?
>>MCDONALD: It's about 50-50.
I do a ton of deep trauma,
emotional work, inner child
work, help people
find their potential,
allowing them to be what
they're supposed to be.
But America and many other
countries, the people
are the walking wounded.
They're hurt.
They've suffered.
They're not free
to express them.
Their outside self and
their other personality,
their true self or spiritual
self, is different.
And so we're always
projecting who we are
or what we are to other people,
and it's not necessarily
our entire truth.
But through the progression
of hypnotherapy,
the integration
of the whole self,
one becomes self-actualized.
>>NOORY: When these
individuals come to you
and they think
they've been abducted,
how did they start
the conversation?
What did they say?
>>MCDONALD: It's not easy, you
know, depending on how vocal
they've been or who they've
been allowed to speak with
or who's accepting of them.
But for the most part,
it's very difficult.
Strange things have happened.
I did a case study on
one man who was straight,
ended up becoming homosexual,
then straight, and then
homosexual again--
all the time having quite
scary psychological--
>>NOORY: Because
of his abductions?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, that's
actually a common thing.
There are many commonalities
among different experiencers.
These commonalities
help indicate
what race is abducting them.
When we know who, we're
better able to understanding.
I kind of like to
psychologically
profile specific races
so that we know how
to behave in their presence.
So reptilians are
very regimented.
All we have to do is be just as
regimented and owning our power
and being our true self,
basically exhibiting no fear.
>>NOORY: On the Gaia program
"Truth Hunter," Linda Moulton
Howe had a chance
to talk with a man
who talked about
these abduction cases
and whether they're
friendly or not.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Did you see any humanoids
of any shape or size or type
in any of your dreams?
- Yes, ma'am.
- Which type?
- Oh, skin similar to ours--
however, grayish in color--
elongated heads, larger
sockets for eyes, larger eyes.
And during that, I was seeing--
there was one about
where my feet would be,
and I could see expressionless
face as a little bit worried
but was trying to keep me calm.
- Did you get the
telepathic impressions
of warning there aren't enough
of us, there's more of them?
Something is going to
happen that's going
to be a big problem?
And that these beings
have been trying to help
and now they can't because
they don't have enough numbers
versus what is there?
- Similar perhaps.
But I think it's more along
the lines of what we're
doing that's going to harm us,
such as sending signals out
into space is not a safe thing
to do, that we have technology
that we need to expand
on but it's being kept
from everyone behind locked
doors or closed doors
but only to certain individuals
or something to that effect
and allow all minds to come
together to get things done
a little bit quicker.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Laurie, why
is this happening?
What's going on?
>>MCDONALD: You know, the earth
is an incredibly important
planet.
We have an amazing history.
>>NOORY: We've got everything.
>>MCDONALD: About everything.
It's a garden planet in a
series of garden planets.
The extraterrestrials
that are coming here
who people are saying--
I don't have clients come
to me and say, oh, they
told me we're overpopulated,
and we have to do--
I don't listen to that.
That's-- I've heard
that since the '50s.
I don't believe that
channeled information at all.
I think that that's another
form of manipulation.
And really, I think
that they're coming here
for their own selfish needs.
Just like about
10,000 years ago,
when the Anunnaki
came from Nibiru,
they are originally
gathering gold to spray
into their atmosphere to
create a stabilization.
We spray heavy metals
into ours right now
to create another form of
stabilization for our planet.
It's not exactly the
healthiest thing.
But in certain
circumstances, there
is what you would consider
collateral damage.
Their coming-- some
things are created--
or terra form to
move into the planet.
I'm not sure if that's
the case either.
It all depends on
which ones are coming.
So when the Anunnaki came,
they created a type of being,
which I think is us.
Right now or right then,
about 10,000 years ago,
the indigenous
people of the planet
had black hair and brown eyes.
All indigenous cultures--
>>NOORY: Like me.
>>MCDONALD: Yes, had
black hair and brown eyes.
The Anunnaki brought the
blond hair, blue eyes.
>>NOORY: The Nordic-looking.
>>MCDONALD: The Nordic-looking
into this being.
Our scientists now tell us
that anyone with blue eyes
has a genetic mutation.
I say more of a
genetic manipulation
because it's through that form--
>>NOORY: You have blue eyes.
>>MCDONALD: I do.
Yeah, so all
blue-eyed people then
are related, if it's a mutation.
It's not.
It's a manipulation.
So that's when we began to see
some changes on the planet.
So that's why they came.
They came to take our
gold, liked what they saw,
thought they could
manipulate, and stayed.
Others come to harvest genetics.
I think a lot of
our junk DNA holds
multiple strands of other
extraterrestrial DNA
and they just harvest from us.
But at this point, in our
personal and soul evolution,
we're waking up to
the fact that we are
more than what we think we are.
And because we are a
multi-dimensional entity,
we need to begin to
grow up a little bit
and stop exhibiting fear.
I believe there are two things
to master on the planet earth.
One is love; the other is fear.
Both are dualistic in nature as
this is the planet of duality.
And in that learning, we gain
personal empowerment back
to that self-actualization
of living and learning
what we're supposed to be.
>>NOORY: How much
of that has to do
with the ability
of consciousness?
>>MCDONALD: All of it.
It's everything.
All roads lead to consciousness.
Once you see that,
then that consciousness
can begin to expand.
When we peel away the
limitations of culture
and society and so forth, we
begin to see the true self.
>>NOORY: What's the most
surprising thing you've
uncovered with hypnotherapy?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I mean, when
I do past life regression work,
I'm always surprised
when I see people
find historical reference to
the past life that they had.
>>NOORY: Do you believe them?
>>MCDONALD: Well,
when they are naming
places and dates and then later
we do a little bit of research
and find that there
was a town named that
and there are records
of a birth name of that.
>>NOORY: Of course, they
could have studied that.
>>MCDONALD: They could
have studied that,
but then why pay me?
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: Sure.
They come to you, right?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, I'm
not looking for them.
>>NOORY: You're not
looking for them.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
You know, if they--
I don't need them to
validate hypnosis.
They don't need
to come, you know.
But a person will come to
look into their past life
to find out what they might
need to know in this life.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look at
David Icke who has the Gaia
program "Escape the Matrix."
>>MCDONALD: Yes.
>>NOORY: Wait till you
see what he has to say.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- So I would say to people that
feel the need to self-identify
with a label--
like I say, getting
smaller and smaller.
Why do you need to define
yourself in that way?
Why do you need a label?
Why can you not
just be what you are
and say, this is how I
live my life, and live it.
But it's this need to create
a construct with which
to self-identify,
which I call a label.
And the totality of these
labels, I call phantom self.
Phantom self because
it is an illusory self.
It is the construction
of a self identity,
which is nothing more than
a series of experiences.
And so what we've
been manipulated to do
is self-identify
with what we are
experiencing instead of the "I"
which is having the experience.
And so then you've got
all these phantom selves,
and you play these phantom
selves off against each other
and, oh, yes, will run the show.
And the greatest
of all religions--
the religion that basically
like spawns the others,
but it's the religion, the
greatest religion, in my view,
of human society--
it's the religion of "I am
a," the religion of "I am a."
And it has its own mantra, and
it goes like this, (CHANTING)
"I am a, I am a."
And it plays out
like this, (CHANTING)
I am a (STOPS CHANTING)
man, woman, Black, white,
this religion, that religion,
this sexuality, that sexuality.
"I am a."
And what it's saying is, I
am a label or set of labels.
"I am a" finds himself.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Mr. David Icke.
>>MCDONALD: Very interesting.
Kind of what he's
saying, though.
So the psyche of the human--
>>NOORY: Yeah, interpret that.
>>MCDONALD: It's made up of
different aspects of the self.
We have the inner child.
We have an inner rebel.
The person that all of a
sudden decides, you know what,
screw this, that's
your inner rebel.
We have an inner judge, that
voice in the back of your mind
saying, maybe you
shouldn't do that.
So we have all these
different aspects of the self.
But as far as the
"I am" energy, I
think that St. Germain
started to bring that.
Interesting good.
It'll give you a sense
of part of the self,
but all of those aspects,
phantom selves are,
need to be integrated
into the whole self.
And it's not so much "I am."
It gets to the point where
you are empowered in it.
"So say I."
And with that, you are creating.
You are co-creating
your world, your life,
and you're taking
steps to move forward.
That's the difference.
"So say I" and "I am."
I am this.
I am that.
But when I say, "so
say I," I am creating.
>>NOORY: Can you
take someone who
comes to you for hypnotherapy,
who's truly messed up,
and fix them?
>>MCDONALD: Yes, I can.
And--
>>NOORY: How many sessions?
>>MCDONALD: -so should
any good hypnotherapist.
Three to six.
Fundamental, life-changing--
I work with severe addiction--
methamphetamines,
opiates, alcohol.
In three to six weeks,
we can be clean and sober
with cravings and desire
and negative side effects
of withdrawal turned
down, so it's desensitized
so that you don't feel it.
>>NOORY: And what are the
symptoms of people who
think they've been abducted?
What is the commonality here?
>>MCDONALD: It depends.
I hear-- I read a lot,
and people are saying,
oh, they have post-traumatic
stress disorder.
It's not post-traumatic
PTSD is from a single
defining moment.
I lost my house.
I lost my job.
My house burned down.
That's your igniter.
That's why you have it.
What they're suffering from is
post-abduction stress disorder
because it's ambiguous.
You're unsure.
You're afraid.
Is it real?
Was I dreaming?
And the person creates
this anxiety and stress.
>>NOORY: And you go
through this too?
>>MCDONALD: No.
I'm not exactly
the same that way.
I have already,
with my first sort
of face-to-face,
eye-to-eye contact,
I was psychologically prepared.
>>NOORY: All right,
and most people aren't?
>>MCDONALD: I don't believe so.
I thought about it.
Before, I was doing
field research.
I had cameras set
up on the outskirts.
In fact, I sent a
VHS tape to Linda
back in the '90s [CHUCKLES]
of an awesome UFO sightings.
So I really felt that
I could handle it.
I was probably wrong,
just so you know.
>>NOORY: Are the abduction
cases still going on, Laurie?
>>MCDONALD: Yes, they are.
They're different, though, and
we have different abductors.
Sometimes humans are involved.
>>NOORY: They've changed a
little bit, haven't they?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They kind of evolved.
>>MCDONALD: It's evolved.
The grays don't show
up quite as much.
A lot of people have learned
how to shut that energy down
and to disengage.
So everything is energy, so
it resonates or harmonic.
You have to resonate with
it in order to see it.
>>NOORY: How do people find
you if they needs help?
>>MCDONALD: They find
me via my website,
trueyouhypnotherapy.com.
They follow me on
Twitter @lauriestrueyou.
Or I have a clinic in Sacramento
treating hypnotherapy.
>>NOORY: How often are
you seeing patients?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I have
a full-time practice
and have 25 years.
>>NOORY: And they come
to you, primarily?
>>MCDONALD: They come all
over the world to Sacramento.
I sometimes feel
a little bit bad.
They're coming from beautiful
vacation destinations
to stay in Sacramento for a
week or so worth of sessions.
>>NOORY: What are the
age ranges of patients?
>>MCDONALD: I have
done children.
I had a case study
from a 7-year-old
until she was 28, an abductee.
And to the very old, I did
an older fellow for vice,
and we regressed him
on camera because it
was on his bucket list.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MCDONALD: He wanted
to know he is--
what most people
didn't know about
that session was when he came to
me, it was because he's dying,
and he needed to
know before he died.
He needed to get
into those memories.
>>NOORY: He wanted answers.
>>MCDONALD: And he needed
to make some sense of it
and get the answers.
That's right.
>>NOORY: Well, we all do.
Laurie, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>MCDONALD: You know
it's my pleasure.
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: She's right.
We do all need answers, and
hypnotherapy may very well
be the one way to do that.
Have we been abducted?
Have we not?
But at least we can
get some answers.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."